I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will have Mexico pay for that wall.
We’re going to win so much, you’re going to get tired of winning.
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest—and you all know it!
I know more about ISIS than the generals do.
China is raping our country.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
He voted against Kate's law. And he voted for Obamna.
I will be phenomenal to the women.
I have a great relationship with the blacks.
I think I am actually humble.
My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created.
I love the poorly educated.
I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose any voters.
No collusion!
I’m a very stable genius.
We will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
The media is the enemy of the people.
I will bring back our jobs.
I always put America first.
My whole life is about winning.
I win because I’m a winner.
I’m a very smart person.
When you’re a star, they let you do anything.
I have done more for the black community than any other president.
I have a great relationship with Hispanics.
I don’t make mistakes.
I have the best memory in politics.
I have done tremendous things for this country.
I am a very successful businessman.
My supporters are the best people.
I never apologize for being right.
I do what I think is best for the country.
I know more than almost anyone.
I have a winning attitude.
We are going to make our country safe again.
I’m the best deal-maker in the history of our country.
I love our country.
We will defeat the radical left.
I achieve what others say is impossible.
Nobody respects women more than I do.
I deliver results.
I know how to create jobs.
I fight for the American worker.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
I am Donald J. Trump and this is my America.